<ui:composition template="/templates/layout.xhtml"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
>
	<ui:define name="contentTitle">Over View</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="content">

	<p>Tiefaces webSheet is a JSF component which can render a excel template as a web form while keeping the same formats and styles.	It is not intend to become online document tools like Google Docs, instead it want to become a gateway or transformer of Excel sheets to Web forms.  
	</p>
	<h2>Features</h2>
	<h3>Render excel templates as web forms</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Support multiple sheets</li>
		<li>Keep Excel formats and styles</li>
		<li>Keep Excel formulas</li>
		<li>Support charts and images</li>
	</ul>
	<h:graphicImage library="showcase" name="img/websheet1.png" alt="web sheet feature 1" width="1024" height="499" />
	<h3>Dynamic Web Form Solution</h3>
	<ul>
		<li>Use expression language to define data.</li>
		<li>Use special command in the cell comment to define features.</li>
		<li>Two way binding between data and cell object.</li>
		<li>Support multiple input/output widget. i.e. calendar, dropdown, inputNumber, inputArea etc.</li>
		<li>Support nested data collections. i.e. a company include multiple departments while each department include multiple employees.</li>
		<li>Support add/delete functions for data collections.</li>
	</ul>
	<h:graphicImage library="showcase" name="img/websheet2.png" alt="web sheet feature 2" width="1024" height="399" />
	<h3>Source Code in GitHub</h3>
<p>Tiefaces licensed under MIT license (totally free to use). Source code is available from the public repositories at <h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces" target="_blank">Github</h:outputLink>.</p>
<p>Any feedback is appreciated (Jason.Jiang.ca@gmail.com).</p>
	
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>