<ui:composition template="WEB-INF/templates/template.xhtml"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
>

    <ui:define name="head-end">
        <ui:param name="renderBreadCrumb" value="false"/>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="title">
        <h2 class="align-left">
            Web Sheet Tag
        </h2>

    </ui:define>
    
  <ui:define name="body">    
<p>Tiefaces use tie:websheet tag in the JSF web page to define the component.</p>
	<h2>How to define?</h2>
	<p>Use the special syntax below defined in the comment for the staring cell of the command.</p>

<div class="source">
<div class="source"><pre class="prettyprint">...
&lt;tie:websheet id="sheet1"
....
&gt;
&lt;/tie:websheet &gt;
...
</pre>
</div>
</div>
	<h2>The Attributes of tie:websheet</h2>
	<ul>
	<li><b>webSheetBean</b>: The bean object which passed in. required="true"</li>
	<li><b>readOnly</b>: True then not editable. required="false"</li>
	<li><b>showLineNumber</b>: True then show line number. required="false"</li>
	<li><b>paginator</b>: Same as p:datatable. required="false"</li>
	<li><b>paginatorTemplate</b>: Same as p:datatable. required="false"</li>
	<li><b>paginatorPosition</b>: Same as p:datatable. required="false"</li>
	<li><b>paginatorAlwaysVisible</b>: Same as p:datatable. required="false"</li>
	<li><b>maxRowsPerPage</b>: Same as p:datatable. required="false"</li>
	<li><b>rowsPerPageTemplate</b>: Same as p:datatable. required="false"</li>
	<li><b>tableWidthStyle</b>: Same as p:datatable. required="false"</li>
	<li><b>emptyMessage</b>: Same as p:datatable.</li>
	<li><b>deleteRowConfirmMessage</b>: confirmation message when prompt delete row. required="false"</li>
	<li><b>hideSingleSheetTabTitle</b>: default is false. When set to true, If there's only one form, then hide the form title. required="false"</li>
	<li><b>deleteRowConfirmHeader</b>: String to set the header title of confirmation dialog for delete row. default is "Confirmation". required="false"</li>
	<li><b>deleteRowConfirmButtonYes</b>: String to set the title of "Yes" button in delete row confirmation dialog. default is "Yes". required="false"</li>
	<li><b>deleteRowConfirmButtonNo</b>: String to set the title of "No" button in delete row confirmation dialog. default is "No". required="false"</li>
	<li><b>addRowButtonTip</b>: String to set the tool tip of add row button. default is "Add Row". required="false"</li>
	<li><b>deleteRowButtonTip</b>: String to set the tool tip of delete row button. default is "Delete Row". required="false"</li>
	</ul>
	
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>