<ui:composition template="WEB-INF/templates/template.xhtml"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
>

    <ui:define name="head-end">
        <ui:param name="renderBreadCrumb" value="false"/>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="title">
        <h2 class="align-left">
            What's new?
        </h2>

    </ui:define>
    
  <ui:define name="body">   
  		<h3>Version 1.0.10</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
 
		<ul>
			<li>Fix: attr Rendered problem.<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/17" target="_blank">[issues17]</h:outputLink>.
			The rendered attribute in component tag doesn't work as expected:
			<ul>
	<li>Removed the rendered attribute from component tag.</li>
	<li>Added the rendered attribute into webSheetBean. You can use setRendered(false) in the bean to hide the web sheet. Please see the "Validation" demo page for detail.</li>
			</ul>
		</li>	
		</ul> 		
		
  		<h3>Version 1.0.9</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Fix: translate labels in modal of remove line.<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/18" target="_blank">[issues18]</h:outputLink>.
			The following attributes have been added into component tag:
			<ul>
	<li><b>deleteRowConfirmHeader</b>: String to set the header title of confirmation dialog for delete row. default is "Confirmation". required="false"</li>
	<li><b>deleteRowConfirmButtonYes</b>: String to set the title of "Yes" button in delete row confirmation dialog. default is "Yes". required="false"</li>
	<li><b>deleteRowConfirmButtonNo</b>: String to set the title of "No" button in delete row confirmation dialog. default is "No". required="false"</li>
	<li><b>addRowButtonTip</b>: String to set the tool tip of add row button. default is "Add Row". required="false"</li>
	<li><b>deleteRowButtonTip</b>: String to set the tool tip of delete row button. default is "Delete Row". required="false"</li>
			</ul>
		</li>	
		</ul> 
  		<h3>Version 1.0.8</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Fix: Exported sheets have no comments.<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/16" target="_blank">[issues16]</h:outputLink>.</li>
		</ul> 
  		<h3>Version 1.0.7</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Fix: Bug on edit or upload Excel file.<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/15" target="_blank">[issues15]</h:outputLink>.</li>
		</ul> 
  		<h3>Version 1.0.6</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Fix: cannot load form with no predefined commands<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/14" target="_blank">[issues14]</h:outputLink>.</li>
		</ul> 
  		<h3>Version 1.0.5</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Fix: delete row doesn't work properly<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/13" target="_blank">[issues13]</h:outputLink>.</li>
		</ul> 
  		<h3>Version 1.0.4</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Prompt message box if user leave the page without saving data<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/8" target="_blank">[issues8]</h:outputLink>.</li>
			<li>Fix: Picture height not rendered properly<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/9" target="_blank">[issues9]</h:outputLink>.</li>
			<li>Hide tab if there's only one form<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/10" target="_blank">[issues10]</h:outputLink>.</li>
			<li>Add attribute: fixedWidthStyle (default is false)<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/11" target="_blank">[issues11]</h:outputLink>.</li>
		</ul> 
		<h3>Version 1.0.3</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Fix: Support both CDI and JSF bean(@Named bean issue)<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/7" target="_blank">[issues7]</h:outputLink>.</li>
		</ul>
		<h3>Version 1.0.2</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Fix: Add/Delete row button not shown if no form command<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/5" target="_blank">[issues5]</h:outputLink>.</li>
			<li>Fix: Namespace not found error in NetBean IDE<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/6" target="_blank">[issues6]</h:outputLink>.</li>
		</ul>
		<h3>Version 1.0.1</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Implement validation command (see validation demo page)<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/3" target="_blank">[issues3]</h:outputLink>.</li>
			<li>Fix: hide temporary sheet in the template<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/1" target="_blank">[issues1]</h:outputLink>.</li>
			<li>Add skipConfiguration attribute in bean Object<h:outputLink value="https://github.com/tiefaces/TieFaces/issues/2" target="_blank">[issues2]</h:outputLink>.</li>
		</ul>
		<h3>Version 1.0.0</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Tiefaces now only focus on web sheet development. Other components have been removed.</li>
			<li>Uploaded the tiefaces artifact into Maven central repository.</li>
			<li>Changed the way to define template.</li>
			<li>Use JEXL to evaluate data.</li>
			<li>Use special markup in the cell comment to support special features.</li>
			<li>Support nested collection data.</li>
			<li>Two way data binding between data object and web sheet cell.</li>
			<li>Support multiple Primeface input widget for cell input method (i.e. calandar, dropdown, inputNumber, inputArea..).</li>
		</ul>

		<h3>Version 0.3.0</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Initial limited chart support. Now only support line chart. Will add more charts type later on.</li>
		</ul>
		<h3>Version 0.2.7</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Support percentage input. User can input either percentage number (e.g. 20%) or decimal number (e.g. 0.2) for the cell with percentage format. The result will be the same (e.g. 20%).</li>
		</ul>
		<h3>Version 0.2.5</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Support in-cell validation. Display error messages in cell for invalid input.</li>
		</ul>
		<h3>Version 0.2.4</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Add dynamic rows feature. User can input multiple rows although only one row is defined in the template.</li>
		</ul>
		<h3>Version 0.2.3</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Add view mode: readOnly = "true"</li>
		</ul>
		<h3>Version 0.2</h3>
		<h4>Web Sheet</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Bring Excel files on-line as Web Forms</li>
		</ul>

		<h3>Version 0.1</h3>
		<h4>Locale Switcher</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Switch web page locale (language)</li>
		</ul>

		<h4>Table Lookup</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Use datatable columns header as criteria input fields to simply search UI.</li>
			<li>Could integrate with Primefaces rich datatable functions: i.e. exporter</li>
		</ul>

		<h4>Dialog Lookup</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Pop up a search window and return result to the parent page.</li>
		</ul>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>