<ui:composition template="WEB-INF/templates/template.xhtml"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
>

    <ui:define name="head-end">
        <ui:param name="renderBreadCrumb" value="false"/>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="title">
        <h2 class="align-left">
            Widget Tag
        </h2>

    </ui:define>
    
  <ui:define name="body">    
<p>Tiefaces support multiple Primeface input widget for cell input method (i.e. calandar, dropdown, inputNumber, inputArea..).<br/>
Use widget command to define the widget name and attributes:</p>
	<h2>How to define?</h2>
	<p>Use the special syntax below defined in the comment for the staring cell of the command.</p>

<div class="source">
<div class="source"><pre class="prettyprint">...
$widget.calendar{showOn="button" pattern="yyyy/MM/dd" readonlyInput="true"}
$widget.dropdown{itemLabels="Male;Female" itemValues="M;F" }
$widget.inputnumber{symbol=" years" symbolPosition="s" minValue="0" maxValue="999" decimalPlaces="2"}
...
</pre>
</div>
</div>

	<p>Note:<br/> 
	1. One cell only can contain one widget tag.<br/>
	2. Each command in the comment must remain in the same line, don't use enter key to divide it.
	</p>
	
	<h2>The Attributes of $widget.calendar</h2>
	<p> Can use any attribute from p:calendar. See Primeface p:calendar for detail.</p>
	<h2>The Attributes of $widget.inputnumber</h2>
	<p> Can use any attribute from p:inputNumber. See Primeface p:calendar for detail.</p>
	<h2>The Attributes of $widget.dropdown</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>itemLabels: list of item's labels. use ";" to seperate.</li>
		<li>itemValues: list of item's values. use ";" to seperate.</li>
		<li>defaultItemLabel: default item's labels.</li>
		<li>defaultItemValue: default item's value.</li>
	</ul>
	<p> Can also use any attribute applied to p:selectOneMenu (not for f:selectItem). See Primeface p:calendar for detail.</p>
	
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>